Add adapter for opsgenie schedules (#32)
ovotech/go-sync: adapters/opsgenie/schedule/README.md

# Opsgenie Schedule adapter for Go Sync

This adapter allows you to synchronise the participants of a schedule. The schedule must only have 1 rotation
configured, and all participants must have an Opsgenie license allocated.

## Requirements

You will need to create an [API Key](https://support.atlassian.com/opsgenie/docs/api-key-management/) with the following
permissions:

| Access rights |
|:--------------|
| Read          |

> | Write         |

Author: ```suggestion
| Upgrade       |
```

> | Upgrade       |

Author: ```suggestion
| Update        |
```

## Example

```go
package main

import (
	"context"
	"log"

	"github.com/opsgenie/opsgenie-go-sdk-v2/client"
	"github.com/ovotech/go-sync"
	"github.com/ovotech/go-sync/adapters/opsgenie/schedule"
)

func main() {
	opsgenieConfig := client.Config{
		ApiKey: "test",
	}
	scheduleAdapter, err := schedule.New(&opsgenieConfig, "opsgenie-schedule-id")

	svc := gosync.New(scheduleAdapter)

> 	// Synchronise an on-call list with something else.

Author: ```suggestion
	// Synchronise the participants of a schedule with something else.
```
